= Hoe Loves Git

* http://github.com/jbarnette/hoe-git

== Description

A set of Hoe plugins for tighter Git integration. Provides tasks to
automate release tagging and pushing and changelog generation. I
expect it'll learn a few more tricks in the future.

== Examples

    # in your Rakefile
    Hoe.plugin :git

=== Autogenerating the Changelog

    $ rake git:changelog

This takes all the commit messages since your last release and formats
'em into a nice RDoc fragment. If you specify <tt>VERSION</tt>, it'll
be used in the changelog fragment. If you specify <tt>FROM</tt>, it'll
be used as a starting point for the changelog instead of your last
release.

Commits that weren't made by a project developer will be attributed,
like this:

    * Did a thing with the stuff. [I R Contributor]

=== Tagging and Sanity Checking a Release

    $ rake release VERSION=1.0.0

In addition to the normal RubyForge release process, this will create
and push a <tt>v1.0.0</tt> tag. It'll also abort the release if your
index is dirty, or if there are untracked files present.

== Installation

    $ gem install hoe-git

== TODO

* Release tags are sorted lexicographically right now, which won't
  work for long.

== License

Copyright 2009 John Barnette (jbarnette@rubyforge.org)

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
